Jin Feng, you are so childish
You don't think this Beijing king's throne
It was a live election.
Since I dare to say
Then I'm sure
This throne must be me
Banquet enemies often wait for the king of Beijing
Be open-minded and outstanding
But now it seems
This Minghao, you don't deserve to die
You are an inferior wine bag and rice bag
He doesn't deserve to hide in my city
You kneel down now and kowtow to me and apologize
Otherwise the boy is ruthless
Stay Away from Long Me Tang Ying
Although he has not been on the battlefield for many years
But the kung fu from the battle to kill the snow
Can not forget a day
We haven't seen each other in years
I didn't expect you to start liking picking up bottles instead of trash
Tao You, you don't think
You are still the same person who used to be heard on the battlefield
Dare Tang Ying God of War
Who doesn't know now
The only female god of war in Great Xia is Emperor Ni
Hao Ying, you were injured and retired
Now I'm afraid there is no medical strength
Not to mention Emperor Eni, God of War
Even if the country waits for you, it is not a first-hand enemy
Dare to be brave here
Eagle, if you don't step back
I will leave you as the god of war
The seat of the god of war
Yan Zhanshen, I'm afraid you don't have this qualification.
Okay, then you are officially with me
Qianwang Ling